Update how-we-work.md (#11181)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/how-we-work.md

> It's your job to ensure your customer issues are resolved, make sure you follow up with Support and Engineering if you feel like the issue isn't getting the right level of attention.

## Tools we use
**Gmail**

> We use Gmail for our email and the team uses many different clients, from [Superhuan](https://superhuman.com/) to [Spark](https://sparkmailapp.com/), to the default Gmail web inferface. Find something that works well for you. To get your own email signature, copy the signature from someone else on the team (like Simon) and then fill in your own details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use Gmail for our email and the team uses many different clients from [Superhuman](https://superhuman.com/) to [Spark](https://sparkmailapp.com/) to the default Gmail web interface. Find something that works well for you. To get your own email signature, copy the signature from someone else on the team (like Simon) and then fill in your own details. 
```
